the story says that towards the year 1993
in an unknown town called holding
russia what is now a place in ruins
that has practically disappeared between
the snow in a humble house lived together
to his family a girl named sing
flynn which had a childhood full of
disorders when Candás was just one
girl when her parents divorced
being in the care of his mother which
he never paid enough attention
at birth his brother phineas who suffers
of hyperactivity and his half brother
ferocious who was born with a severe case
of mental retardation which prevents him from
among other things talk things
they went from bad to worse
canda an imagination was developed
out of bounds which has to do
with his brothers and his adventures during
all standard glory was told to his
mother the incredible feats that her
brothers had performed in his absence
bored of this situation the mother
go to a specialist the psychiatrist
james love in which he diagnoses
sing with severe schizophrenia to
which prescribed him high medicines
potential as a result of egypt
the candán situation worsened
was about psychiatric drugs that
were intended to calm the impulses of
candás but that as well as effect
collateral led her to a growing
addiction the one that introduced her to try
with stronger drugs and every time
Adam was tired of nobody believing his
stories about his brothers decide
write a diary in which he captured each
one of the adventures of phineas and ferb
explained with details to his 14 years
candás effling was a consumer
of diethylamide ls of acid
lysergic commonly known as acid
which produces a high increase in its
distorted appreciation of reality
for the year 2007 sing flynn hultin
14 year old russia is found dead
in your room along with a note
suicide written on the last page of
his diary according to doctors and forensics
Candás dies of an overdose
intentional of various drugs for
the end of 2007 the disturbed mother
from kanda it is decided to sell this story
Disney Chanel shows interest in
buy it and a February 1, 2008
world premieres a distorted and
improved history
call